When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
If I'm collaborating with other people who also need access to the repository

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
I'd want to keep control over what I have locally. It could be confusing if a file I'm working on changes while I'm still working on it

Describe the differences between forks, clones and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
A branch is an alternative version of the code within the repository, useful for experimenting or creating a different language version. A clone is a local copy of a repository, where the original can either be local or remote. In the remote case, this enables you to work on the repository locally. A fork takes a repository on github and makes a copy in a different user account. This enables you to use someone else's work as a starting point, while crediting the original author(s)

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
Unlike your local copy, it is guaranteed to be an ancestor of the current state of the remote. It can therefore be updated from the remote, and any conflicts can then be sorted out locally in the normal way, using merge

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
I assume we'd have to email changes between the participants. With a small number of people collaborating, this would be doable but inconvenient, unless each person was working on a different section of code. Even then, I don't think anything would be easier. As the number of collaborators rises, or as the parts of the code they're working on starts to overlap, things would get muddled quite quickly

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
Making changes in a separate branch enables you to experiment without worrying about breaking master. You can then commit your changes to master once you are confident that they are working properly. Making changes directly to master is a lot simpler, but should only be done if there is little danger, for instance, fixing a typo in a comment, or updating documentation

